Standard Library Page (#58)
noir-lang/book: src/language_concepts/standard_library.md

# Noir Standard Library

Noir features a standard library with some ready-to-use, built-in structures. To use them, you should import the `std` library, like so:

``` rust

use dep::std;
```

> You should then have these constructs available. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should then have these constructs available. For example, you can now call the `std::hash::pedersen` function like so:
```

|to_radix| Decomposes into a vector over the specificed base | `field.to_radix(radix_base, vector)`
|pow_32| Returns the value to the power of the specificied exponent | `field.to_pow(2)` |

## Array

For convenience, the STD provides some ready-to-use, common methods for arrays[^migrationNote]:

| Method   | Description    | Example                        |
|:---------|----------------------|--------------------------------|
| len      | Returns the length of an array                                                                                                | `array.len()`                  |
| sort | Sorts the array with a built-in function                                                                                           | `array.sort()`                 |
| sort_via | Sorts with a custom sorting function                                                                                          | `array.sort_via(|a, b| a < b)` |
| fold     | Applies a function to each element of the array, returning the final accumulated value. First parameter is the initial value. | `array.fold(0, |a, b| a < b)`  |

> | reduce   | Same as fold, but uses the first element as starting element                                                                  | `array.reduce(|a, b| a < b)`   |

Reviewer: These examples are invalid. The lambda function takes two integers and returns a Bool, but `reduce` requires the lambda's type to be `fn(T, T) -> T` - or in other words - the argument types must match the return type.

`fold` is similarly invalid. It has the same lambda type, but fold requires the lambda to be of type `fn(U, T) -> U`. This is slightly more flexible than reduce, but still invalid for the chosen lambda.

We can change these examples to `array.fold(0, |a, b| a + b)` and `array.reduce(|a, b| a + b)` to fix this.

This also highlights that we should also document the type signatures for all library functions as well, so that users know how to use them.

| all      | Returns true if all the elements satisfy the given predicate                                                                  | `array.all(|a, b| a < b)`      |
| any      | Returns true if any of the elements satisfy the given predicate                                                               | `array.any(|a, b| a < b)`      |

> [^migrationNote]: Migration Note: These methods were previously used like `std::field::to_le_bits()`. For the sake of ease of use and readability, this syntax is now deprecated, and you should use the respective `impl` as suggested (`your_field_var.to_le_bits()`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^migrationNote]: Migration Note: These methods were previously free functions, called via `std::field::to_le_bits(my_field)`. For the sake of ease of use and readability, these functions are now methods and the old syntax for them is now deprecated.
```
